
Your booking at The Lost & Found Bristol is now confirmed

Lasantha Arachchi 
2 people on Friday 25 August 6:30pm to 8:30pm

Booking confirmed
Booking reference: DMN-16831833231 
Booking type: Restaurant Reservation

Special Requests: 
My wife's birthday is today. I'll bring a cake with me. I have confirmed this over the phone. Thank you.

Information from The Lost & Found Bristol about your booking

You're all booked in and we can't wait to welcome you at The Lost & Found Bristol!

If you have any special requests or questions please feel free to get in touch with us.

Any balances of bill will be due on the night minus any pre payments made. We cannot invoice afterwards. Please be aware that we have a 15 minute grace period and if you are running late we may be unable to extend the duration of your reservation. Our menu is subject to change throughout the year in terms of dishes and pricing, by confirming your booking you are agreeing to any changes that may have occurred prior to the day of your booking. A 10% optional service charge is added to all bills



Kind Regards

The Lost & Found Bristol

Tel: 0117 325 8180



TERMS & CONDITIONS

1. The Secret bar sells a limited range of products, all drinks consumed within the room must be purchased from the bar within the room.

2. Bookings will not be confirmed until we have received your deposit payment via cash or card.

3. Minimum spends apply to exclusive use bookings, should you not meet the minimum spend that was agreed when paying your deposit, the remaining balance will be charged as a room hire cost.

4. We understand that numbers of guests may need to increase, and will accommodate where possible. However, due to demand we may not always be able to fit any extra guests in, so please be as accurate as possible when booking.

5. We will require a pre-order for your food 2 weeks in advance of your booking with us. Any food pre-ordered and not cancelled within 24 hours of your reservation will be charged for.

6. Your full deposit payment will be retained if the booking is cancelled within 7 days prior to your reservation date. The full balance of the food will be charged for if the full reservation is cancelled within 24 hours of the reservation.

7. If you only have the area until a specified time, we will require the area to be vacated at this time.

8. Any outstanding payment on your bill must be paid at the time of your booking with us; we cannot invoice the amount to you.

9. If your numbers alter dramatically, then the area you have booked may need to be altered to a more suitable location.

10. Under 18s are welcome for any sit down meal with an adult, however please inform management prior to the event as we do check for proof of age on arrival and they may not be allowed in if not accepted.

11. We cannot allow any decorations or fancy dress at The Lost & Found but if you do have any special requests just ask.

12. The deposit will be retained should your party arrive more than 15 minutes after the booked time.

13. Your will be charged for any damages that occur in the room, any flowers that are pulled down will be charged at £50 a flower.

14. By paying your deposit to The Lost & Found you are confirming that you agree to the above terms & conditions.


Map marker	85 Queens Rd, Bristol, BS8 1QS 
View on map	Add to calendar 	Add to calendar
Cancel your booking	Cancel your booking	Change	Change your booking

Thanks for booking and have a great time at The Lost & Found Bristol.

 
 
#
Powered by Design My Night

#
