
St Paul's Carnival, job opportunities and more!
View in browser
Graphic with title '10 things you need to know this week'
1
St. Pauls Carnival returns on Saturday 1 July
St. Pauls Carnival, Bristol's major festival of Afro-Caribbean music and culture, brings together people from all backgrounds and cultures to celebrate together in the streets of St. Pauls.

This year’s theme is ‘Learning from Legends’, honouring legends from our past, present and future. You can also expect a procession, sound systems, food, musicians, dancers and more!
 
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes

2
Applications to join the student ambassador scheme have re-opened
Student ambassadors provide a wide range of support to University at open days and student events. It's great work experience for your CV as well as providing a paid opportunity to support the university.

Full details on how to apply and application deadlines can be found on the student ambassador webpage.
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
3
Expecting your marks?
Keep an eye on myUWE to see if your results have been published. We've also updated information about how the Marking and Assessment Boycott may affect you and how your results may look in myUWE.
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
4
Student life events
Check out the Student Life Hub to find out what's going on on campus and across Bristol, from historical tours of the city with the Student Life Team to the Harbourside Festival!
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
5
Get two free items from the Sustainability Hub this week
The Sustainability Hub will be closing this Thursday (22 June) until September, ready for it's relocation. Before they close they're giving away two free things to anyone who drops by - just turn up and have a browse. 
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
6
Have you heard about Report and Support
If you see or experience any form of discrimination or harassment on campus, you can report it to the University using Report and Support >
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
Image of John Sebastian Lightship moored on the harbourside
7
Poetry and writing events at the historical John Sebastian Lightship
Satellite Of Love is hosting a series of workshops, slam performance events and poetry film sessions all next week at the John Sebastian Lightship. Many of the events are running in partnership with the University giving UWE students priority tickets and free entry on certain sessions. Find out more >
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
8
Just so you know...
The monthly Fire Alarm Sound Test will happen in every building on Frenchay Campus tomorrow (Tuesday 20 June) at 09:40 and 14:40.
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
9
How are you doing?
If you joined UWE last summer you might have filled out our pre-arrival health and wellbeing survey. A year on, we want to know how you’re feeling now.

Complete our post-arrival survey to help us set our health and wellbeing priorities for the year ahead and enter yourself into a prize draw!
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
10
Interested in positive action projects or student health and wellbeing?
If so, why not apply for a position with the Equality, Diversity and Inclusivity team? They are currently advertising for a Health University intern and a EDI projects intern, both offered on a part-time basis. Applications close on Sunday 2 July.
Quick links
myUWE | Academic advice | Study support | Term dates | Students' Union
Facebook logo
Twitter logo
Instagram logo
LinkedIn logo
TikTok logo
infopoint@uwe.ac.uk
+44 (0)117 32 85678
We promise not to overwhelm you and will only send you things that are relevant. You'll get a regular newsletter and some targeted communications. If you unsubscribe you'll miss important emails. Contact us if you have any questions.
