
Free bus travel, job vacancies, find the unicorns
View in browser
10 things you need to know this week: black text on neon pink
1

Unicornfest icon

Here this summer? 🦄
Need an excuse to explore Bristol? If so, why not track down all the lifesize unicorns across the city? Find out more and explore >
2
Vacancies: See yourself as a digital leader?
We're looking for students who are good with people, eager to learn new digital and people skills and prepared to coach others on digital capability. Experience in creation of social media content, photography, vlogging, basic coding or entry level robotics would be ideal! Apply by Friday >

3
FREE bus travel during your birthday month
Apply for a free month of bus travel throughout your birthday month! Apply now >

4
Friday Prayers have moved location
Friday prayers have moved to 1R026 (Frenchay). Please come ready for prayers - you can use the washing facilities in E Block. Find out more about campus prayer spaces >

5
In need of a summer job?
Still looking for summer work or a job for September? Opportunities include working at Frenchay Campus's new Greggs! Take a look >

6
Free counselling and mental health support
Our Wellbeing Service offer individual counselling and mental health support sessions in-person, online and on the phone. Find out more >

7
Past exam papers
Where module leaders have made papers available, you can access them from Blackboard, so you can see the kind of questions that have been asked in the past. Find a paper >

8
Erasmus Student Network
The Erasmus Student Network survey is your chance to feed back whether or not you've been part of the Erasmus scheme. Enter to be in with a chance of winning an Interrail Global pass and Amazon vouchers. Take the survey >

9
Mindful eating
Would you like to improve your relationship with food and eating? This is an opportunity to contribute to research in this important area, towards creating helpful interventions to benefit those who struggle with food or eating. Sign up >

10

Photo of the new Students' Union team

Introducing your new Presidents!
Sam, Sabiha, Fayaz, Bethel and Krishna are here to help you get the best possible experience at uni and ensure your voice is heard at the highest level. If you'd like to meet them, you'll often find them in Union 1 (Frenchay) and on walkarounds at Bower and Glenside. Meet the team >
myUWE | Academic advice | Study support | Term dates | Students' Union
Instagram logo
Twitter logo
Facebook logo
LinkedIn logo
TikTok logo
We promise not to overwhelm you and will only send you things that are relevant. You'll get a regular newsletter and some targeted communications. If you unsubscribe you'll miss important emails. Contact us if you have any questions.
