
UWE Bristol logo	
Banner with text 'Careers and enterprise'
Back in May we explored where to find graduate opportunities, how to approach speculative applications and the skills you'll need as a graduate in the job market.

For many of you, this transition into graduate life will be fast approaching and whilst we know this change can be exciting, you might also be feeling apprehensive or anxious about what to do next. But you don't have to do it alone as your Careers and Enterprise Team are on hand to help you transition into graduate life and beyond.

This will be your final edition of the newsletter and we'll be focussing on the support available to you once you leave the university as well as some top tips on how to make the transition easier.
Drawing of a horizontal wiggly coloured line
Spotlight on...the graduate Career Toolkit
We've mentioned the Career Toolkit a lot over the past few months so hopefully you've had a chance to explore it's brilliant career tools, articles and resources.

The good news is this won't stop once you graduate as you'll get lifetime access to the toolkit even after you've left. All you need to do is update your details in myUWE before you graduate to change your registered account.

This is important for more than just toolkit access so why not familiarise yourself with our final year checklist and the information on our IT guidance for graduating students webpage.
Careers support for graduates 
In addition to lifetime access to the toolkit you'll also get three years of 1-2-1 career coaching and enterprise appointments (five years for UWE Cares graduates).

Our brilliant coaches can help support you with everything from CVs and interviews to starting your own business.

But don't wait until you graduate to get help - the team are on hand over summer to support you with your career steps.
Graduate careers support
Drawing of a horizontal wiggly coloured line
Our top tips for July
Attend our graduate visa information session
Join the UWE Immigration Advice Service on Monday 10 July for a short online workshop on the graduate visa followed by an opportunity to ask questions. The session will cover eligibility and how to apply.  
Check UKCISA
The UK Council for International Student Affairs (UKCISA) provides some helpful information regarding the options for switching within the UK from a Student visa to a work visa.
Connect with your peers on LinkedIn before you leave
Use the people tool on LinkedIn to connect with course mates before you leave. You can also use it to look for people who've already graduated from your course and see where they're working now and gain some inspiration!
Drawing of a horizontal wiggly coloured line
Resource of the month
Alumni Connect is our online alumni platform connecting students and alumni around the world. Join the community to find industry experts and contacts to grow your professional network or browse for a mentor. 
Explore Alumni Connect
Where to find current vacancies
Gradlink

As an international graduate, it can be difficult to know whether a role is suitable for you.

GradLink is a free, one-stop portal that enables employers from different countries to connect with international graduates from across the UK.

Explore Gradlink >

Target Jobs

The Target Jobs guide to job hunting for international students provides information about your graduate job options in the UK.

It also talks you through recruitment processes and the skills you'll need, plus how to secure work experience while you're studying in the UK.

Read the guide >
Drawing of a horizontal wiggly coloured line
Considering a PHD?
If you're thinking of doing a PHD but aren't sure where to start, read Anna's blog post to find out how she followed her passion, gained funding for her PhD and how UWE Bristol supported her.
Don't forget to complete the Graduate Outcomes Survey
15 months after you complete your studies, you’ll be contacted by HESA with a request to complete the Graduate Outcomes Survey (GOS).

This is the biggest annual social survey in the UK which aims to capture the perspectives and current status of recent graduates. By completing the survey, you'll help future students undertaking your course to see what careers they could pursue.
Drawing of a horizontal wiggly coloured line
Quick links
Career Toolkit
Events
Get in touch
careers@uwe.ac.uk

Twitter logo
Instagram logo
We promise not to overwhelm you and will only send you things that are relevant. You'll get a regular newsletter and some targeted communications. If you unsubscribe you'll miss important emails. Contact us if you have any questions.
