


1
Accommodation fair tomorrow!

Don't miss our accommodation fair tomorrow 🏡
Tomorrow is the day! If you’re on the hunt for next year’s home, head on down The Students’ Union Accommodation Fair at Frenchay tomorrow from 12:00 – 15:00 to meet a whole host of accommodation providers and experts who will be on hand to answer all of your housing queries.
2
Ever thought about going into Law?
Join us this Saturday 3 December in X Block on Frenchay Campus for our Postgraduate Professional Law Open Event. You'll hear from teaching staff, get a chance to look at our facilities and find out what its like to study law at UWE.
3
Reasonable adjustments deadline
The deadline for submitting reasonable adjustment requests and evidence to the Disability Services for exams taking place between Monday 16 and Friday 27 January 2023, is Friday 16 December.

Please note that if you don’t get your medical evidence to the Disability Service before the relevant deadline it may not be possible to put your exam reasonable adjustments in place for the upcoming exams.
4
Channel 4 at 40: The TV Revolution in Bristol 📺
Free tickets available to an event at the Arnolfini this Saturday, celebrating 40 years of Channel 4 and its links to Bristol. Throughout the day there will be talks and screenings, with academics and filmmakers discussing the channel’s Bristol-based programmes across various genres, plus an evening showing of The Falklands War: The Untold Story.
5
Picture of a Christmas tree

Shop local this Christmas 🎁
Whether you're looking to buy some gifts or you just want to feel a bit festive, there's plenty of Christmas markets in Bristol for you to explore! Many of the stalls are run by local makers, artists and designers.
6
Live music in X block  
Join us in the Atrium Cafe on Wednesday from 13:00 - 14:00 and hear live music and singing from The Centre for Music and UWE Gospel Choir. Event details >
7
Thinking about combining travel and study next year?
Speak to our Global Opportunities team! They can help with international placements, volunteering opportunities and study abroad options.

Applications for Frenchay students wanting to study abroad from September 2023/24 closes on Friday 16 December.
8


UWE Jets final home game! 🏀
Join us at the Centre for Sport from 17:00 on Wednesday 30 November, for the UWE Jets' final home game of the season. Expect live music, a DJ and free t-shirt giveaways!
9
Want some support with your writing?
Come along to our writing café in the Octagon! These supportive and informal sessions are a chance to get advice and support. Feel free to bring along a piece of work or an assignment and use it as a chance to get your head down and ask questions.
10
Essentials careers workshop - aptitude tests and assessment practices
This 90 minute interactive online workshop will be delivered by Graduates First, experts in aptitude (psychometric) testing. You'll find out how employers use these tests when recruiting, why they’re used and what employers are looking for.
Quick links
myUWE | Academic advice | Study support | Term dates | Students' Union
Facebook logo
Twitter logo
Instagram logo
LinkedIn logo
TikTok logo
infopoint@uwe.ac.uk
+44 (0)117 32 85678
UWE Bristol, Frenchay Campus, Coldharbour Lane, Bristol, BS16 1QY
We promise not to overwhelm you and will only send you things that are relevant. You'll get a regular newsletter and some targeted communications. If you unsubscribe you'll miss important emails. Contact us if you have any questions.
