


Hey, how’s it going? If you’ve followed our advice over the last seven weeks, you’ll be a fully-functioning, high-performing student, just nailing university life, right? (Right!? 😧)

If you're doing great...great! But if not, don't worry.  It’s totally normal to hit a bump in the road which is why our final list for you is where you can get some extra support:

1
Tech troubleshooting
Don’t glide over this - you’re probably going to experience some IT issues at some point, so you need to know about our awesome IT services team. They can help with personal devices, Blackboard and UWE accounts, printing and loads more. You can contact them via email, see them in-person, or get support via web chat.
2
Help with your studies 
When it's time to get your head down and crack on with your work, your amazing Library team can support you with everything from borrowing resources, study skills sessions and finding that one journal that will help nail your essay!
3
Student Support Advisers
They can't make decisions for you, but our Student Support Advisers are on hand to give you advice on course-related issues such as medical problems affecting your studies, taking time out or transferring to another course.
4

Support when you need it most
When you need more focused support to work on your mental health, our Wellbeing team are here for you. Whether you're feeling lonely, anxious or depressed, or are dealing with a bereavement or a personal relationship, they can help. They offer individual counselling sessions, mental health support and self-help resources, so please don't struggle on your own, get in touch with them.  
5
Someone to talk to
Adapting to your new life might be tough at times, so talking through your worries with someone can be really helpful. If you're looking for informal support, our friendly team at the Chaplaincy are on hand to give advice and guidance for anyone who needs it, whatever your faith.

You can find faith spaces on each of our campuses, as well as quiet spaces for reflection.
6

Friendly and impartial advice 
The Students' Union Advice Centre can help with any of your first term worries. You can drop in, give them a call or send them an email. They can give you advice on anything from housing issues and financial queries to loneliness and settling in.  
7
Disability Service
Our Disability Service offers advice, practical support and reasonable adjustments to disabled students, including assistive technology and financial support. If you haven't already, make sure you've disclosed your disability to the team to make sure we can support you in the right way and allow you to thrive.
8
UWE Cares
If you have little or no family support, or if you are caring for ill or disabled family members, our UWE Cares team can help you with specialist advice and opportunities such as enhanced careers guidance, financial support and study skills.
9
Report and Support
We will not tolerate any type of harassment, assault or discrimination on our campuses. We want you to celebrate diversity, challenge antisocial attitudes and behaviour, and become an active bystander.

If you see something that upsets you or makes you feel uncomfortable, you can report it via our Report and Support tool. This can be done anonymously or, if you leave details, we can provide ongoing support.
10
Put your health first
If you read our last email on adulting, you'll already be registered with a doctor. If you missed that, better go back and get it done! (We told you you'd need to refer back to these emails 😉)

There is a Health Centre on Frenchay Campus, partnered with the Old Surgery in Fishponds. They can help you with general medicine, sexual health and contraception, and mental health.

Coming next week… nothing! Nada! We're done!

Jokes! We’ll continue to send you a weekly email with fun, interesting and useful stuff, until you graduate. Yep, you're stuck with us. 

So, keep your checking your emails, keep smashing uni life and keep in touch! You've got this 💪🏼

The Student Communications Team

Quick links
myUWE | Academic advice | Study support | Term dates | Students' Union
Facebook logo
Twitter logo
Instagram logo
LinkedIn logo
TikTok logo
infopoint@uwe.ac.uk
+44 (0)117 32 85678
UWE Bristol, Frenchay Campus, Coldharbour Lane, Bristol, BS16 1QY
We promise not to overwhelm you and will only send you things that are relevant. You'll get a regular newsletter and some targeted communications. If you unsubscribe you'll miss important emails. Contact us if you have any questions.
