

10 ways to nail this adulting thing
Ok so adulting is hard... you've been thrown into university life and you're suddenly responsible for, well, everything 😱 So how do you step up and start adulting? 
Let’s break it down for you:

1
Understand your cash
This might be the first time that you're fully in charge of your own money, and whilst it may be tempting to head to the shops/pub as soon as your student loan drops, it's worth spending some time budgeting before you start blowing the cash.

With the cost of living on the increase, students have said that money is one of their biggest worries. But don't panic, we've got advice on budgeting and money management and our award-winning free financial tool, Blackbullion, to help you through.
2
Don't be afraid to ask for financial help
You also have a dedicated Student Money Service team who can help with complex money queries, financial support and funding. Just fill out an enquiry form and one of the team will be in touch!
3
One male and two female students socialising
Be kind 
You're joining a big new community and even though it's an exciting time, meeting new people and moving away from home or your support network, can be daunting. 

Look out for each other and be kind - and this goes for the wider community too. You're not only joining UWE but also the wider Bristol community, so have respect for everyone you meet.
4
Register with a doctor
It might seem unnecessary now when you're still fresh-faced and freshers-flu-free, but trust us; it's much better to get yourself signed up with a doctor now just in case you need one later on. Here's how to register with a doctor.
5
Start thinking about life after uni
"Already!?" we hear you cry. Yes! With so many opportunities to develop your skills and gain experience whilst you're here, it's a no brainer to start thinking about what you might want to do after uni. 

You could get in touch with our Careers and Enterprise team. They organise workshops, networking events and drop-in sessions, as well as 1-2-1 appointments. They also have a handy Career Toolkit for  CV and job application needs, and a monthly newsletter offering useful tips and advice!
6
Get some extra cash and experience
If you're looking to top up your loan with some part-time work, vacancies are posted on the Careers Toolkit and the SU Jobshop. This can be a great way to gain experience whilst studying and can help you work out what you do (or don't) want to do after you graduate.
7
Find your balance
Getting your independence is THE BEST and university is a great time to explore who you are, to try new things and to meet new people. Finding the balance between studying and having fun isn't easy though, and it's important to remember why you're here, to take things slow and to look after yourself. 
8
Two plates of food
Starting with...eating well!
Eating a balanced diet is good for your physical and mental health. Throughout the year we'll share tips on how to eat healthy, including how to do it on a budget, more sustainably and, sometimes, where you can find free food on campus! Don't forget about water - hydration is key to a healthy body and mind, and will help with those long library sessions.
9
Getting some sleep
Simple things such as having a regular sleep routine, meditation, not using your phone before bedtime, all help you to sleep better. Good quality sleep will help you stay focused, improve your concentration and help you absorb everything you're learning. Pulling an all-nighter cramming for an exam or to finish an assignment is not adulting. Sorry. 
10
Move your body!
Doing exercise, no matter how intense, is great for your mind and body. It will boost your mood, help with sleep and is a great way to meet new people. Our free MOVE programme has over 40 activities to get involved in - from football and hiking to Zumba and yoga. Sign up now.

Quick links
myUWE | Academic advice | Study support | Term dates | Students' Union
Facebook logo
Twitter logo
Instagram logo
LinkedIn logo
TikTok logo
infopoint@uwe.ac.uk
+44 (0)117 32 85678
UWE Bristol, Frenchay Campus, Coldharbour Lane, Bristol, BS16 1QY
We promise not to overwhelm you and will only send you things that are relevant. You'll get a regular newsletter and some targeted communications. If you unsubscribe you'll miss important emails. Contact us if you have any questions.
