
Information and advice on living in the UK with a student visa.
View in browser

UWE Bristol logo
 	
myUWE
Student life
Contact us
 

We're the Immigration Advice Service!
We're here to offer advice, guidance and information on all aspects of your student visa. Our visa and immigration webpage contains lots of useful information that will help you throughout the year, from working with to extending your visa - so make sure you take a look!

We know that starting your studies is an exciting time and you'll have lots of new experiences to enjoy but as an international student, it's also important to be aware of your visa conditions and when you might need to take action.

If there's still something you're not sure about, get in touch with us so that we can help.
Contact the team >
Where to find your immigration details
Depending on your nationality, where you made your visa application and the length of your stay in the UK, your leave may be issued in a digital format, a stamp in your passport (vignette) or a Biometric Residence Permit (BRP). UKVI should have confirmed which format you should expect your leave to be in and how to access it.

If you are issued with a BRP, UKVI (UK Visas and Immigration) will confirm where this can be collected from. If you chose to collect it from the University, make sure you keep an eye on your UWE Bristol email for details on how to book an appointment to collect it.

Check everything carefully
Make sure your information is correct against your passport and CAS. If you are issued with a BRP and you think something Is wrong, visit Gov.uk to find out how to change it.
Be aware of your conditions
Your UKVI and immigration documents will contain information about your permissions whilst in the UK. For example, most students are only able to work a maximum of 20 hours per week during term-time, so it’s important to check your conditions and comply with them. You can find information on working in the UK online.
Keep your information safe
It’s really important to keep your documents safe, especially a BRP. If you lose your BRP and need a new one, you'll have to pay a fee. If it's lost or stolen, check our webpage to find next steps.
Visa expiry dates
Make sure you know when your expiry date is as you’ll need to submit a valid visa application before the end date to stay in the UK. If you’re nearing your visa expiry date but need more time to finish your studies, you may been to make a visa application from inside the UK. You can find more information on working in the UK after your studies online.


Let us know if your situation changes
Your visa is issued to you for you to study a specific course within a set timescale, so changes to either of these can have issues with your visa.

A course transfer can sometimes mean that you will need to leave the UK and make a new visa application. If your course end date changes and your results will not be published before your visa expires, you may not be eligible to apply for a graduate visa.

Whilst some changes may have no impact on your immigration status, make sure you let us know if you're considering a change. If you want to add a placement year to your course, check our work placements webpage.
Keep in touch!
Remember, if you have any questions that are not covered on our webpages, or you need additional advice or support, make sure you reach out to us by phone, email or in-person appointments. 
Find out how to contact us >
Quick links
myUWE | Academic advice | Study support | Term dates | Students' Union
Facebook logo
Twitter logo
Instagram logo
LinkedIn logo
TikTok logo
infopoint@uwe.ac.uk
+44 (0)117 32 85678
UWE Bristol, Frenchay Campus, Coldharbour Lane, Bristol, BS16 1QY
As a student you'll receive emails from the Student Communications Team. We promise not to overwhelm you and we'll only send you things that are relevant. You'll get a regular newsletter and some targeted communications. If you unsubscribe you'll miss important emails. Contact us if you have any questions.
