
Graphic with title '10 things you need to know this week'
1
Bursary opportunity!
You are being given the chance to apply for a bursary worth Â£150 which includes access to working spaces and software, free admission to talks and events. You have until Tuesday 20 June to find out if you're eligible and submit an application form.
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
Male student at a laptop
2
Need a loan for next year?
Then you'll need to reapply for student finance by Friday 23 June.

3
Date for the diary
The main reassessment period is Monday 10 July - Monday 24 July. Best to make a note of it in case you have any resits to do. Term dates >
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
4
You'll never be bored in Bristol!
There is so much to do, whatever your interest. Check out the latest events across the city >
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
5
Sustainability Hub is on the move...
The Frenchay campus Sustainability Hub is closing ready for a move to 1D15 in time for September - the last date for any donations and swaps in its current location will be 22 June.
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
6
Cashless campus
You may have noticed already but the University has gone cashless (the SU will continue to accept cash in their shops and bars). Find out more >
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
7
Wildlife league table results are in.... ðŸ¸
We're at the top of the UK league table for wildlife care and have been named one of the most wildlife-friendly universities in the UK!
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
8
A reminder ðŸ“¦
Moving out? Sell it, donate it, recycle it! Donate items that someone else could make use of! Find a recycling point or charity shop >
Sample Degree Show images
9
It's Degree Show time!
Pop along to see the incredible work of final year students at our annual Degree Shows >
Strip featuring 3D graphics in bright colours/shapes
10
As term is over (for most of you - Glenside, we know you're still working hard!) we'll reduce 10 things to fortnightly. See you on Monday 19 June!
Quick links
myUWE | Academic advice | Study support | Term dates | Students' Union
Instagram logo
Twitter logo
Facebook logo
LinkedIn logo
TikTok logo
We promise not to overwhelm you and will only send you things that are relevant. You'll get a regular newsletter and some targeted communications. If you unsubscribe you'll miss important emails. Contact us if you have any questions.
