
Conversation opened. 1 read message.

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
453 of 1,478
Recommended Job: Care Assistant - Extra Care Scheme - Edward Jenner Court
Inbox

Totaljobs <totaljobs@jobs.totaljobsmail.com> Unsubscribe
Fri, 14 Oct 2022, 15:53
to me

Totaljobs
 	Hi Totaljobs User,

We recommend this job for you. Take a look and see if you want to apply.	 
 	 	 
 	 	 
 	

Care Assistant - Extra Care Scheme - Edward Jenner Court
 
location  Lyde Green, Bristol (BS16)     contract type  Permanent     
£9.50 - £9.75
Apply Now
Agincare Edward Jenner are looking for Care Assistants in our Extra Care Scheme to join our team and help us make a difference to the lives of vulnerable people, providing support to live independently in their own homes around your local area and community.

If you would like to make a difference and have a kind, caring nature, then this is the job for you!

Hours: Full time, Part time & Alternate weekends

Shift times : 7am to 3pm and 3pm to 10pm

Location: Edward Jenner Court ,Emerson's green, Oakwood Drive, Bristol. BS16 7PS

£500 welcome bonus!

£9.50 per hour 
Various contracts available; Salaried, Hourly and guaranteed hours
Paid induction training
Paid upfront DBS & Free Uniform
Refer a friend scheme - £250
Agincare offer fantastic benefits;

Outstanding career development
Fully funded training and career development (up to level 5)
Access to Blue Light Care discount package
Employee Assistance Programme
Company pension scheme
Staff appreciation incentives
About the Role

A typical day in the life of a Care Assistant in an Extra Care Scheme will help support our customers in a variety of ways depending on their needs, this could include, providing personal care, Medication management, Light Domestic Duties, Meal Prep, Shopping & Companionship.

About You

You don’t need to have previous experience or qualifications in care, what’s important is you are passionate and motivated and you want to help in your community. If you want Job Satisfaction and a job where every day is different, our Care Assistant role could be the perfect opportunity for you.

No experience necessary - We provide comprehensive training, free of charge.
Good people skills and the ability to show strong empathy, with a caring and compassionate nature
A positive & professional
Team working ethos
Aligned to our company values
About Agincare

We’re a family-run business caring for people since 1986, this year we’re celebrating 36 years! With over 3,500 team members, we’re one of the UK’s largest privately-owned social care groups and we continue to grow in these challenging times. We believe that if we remain true to our company values, and work together as one team, we will continue to be successful and deliver high-quality care to all our clients and residents.

We’ve been voted as the top care company to work for by Indeed, and our team agree – we’re proud that we average at 4/5* on employee reviews.

Equal opportunities are important to us at Agincare and we welcome applications from all.

 
Apply Now
 
How do you like the recommended jobs?
 
How do you like the recommended jobs?
 
 
Totaljobs
 	
 
Totaljobs Recommendations Settings
 
This email was sent to ravindi.harshani@gmail.com as you agreed to receive relevant jobs from totaljobs. It is linked to your personal jobseeker account and meant specifically for you so please do not share.
 
 
 
© 2022 Totaljobs Group.

Blue Fin, 110 Southwark Street, London SE1 0TA

Registered in England & Wales under company number 04269861

 
Unsubscribe from emails - Terms and conditions - Privacy policy - Contact us
 
 

Displaying _MG_2581.JPG.