
Conversation opened. 1 read message.

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
79 of 1,497
A story from grief to giving
Inbox

Olio <no-reply@comms.olioapp.com> Unsubscribe
Wed, 2 Aug, 13:14
to me

 
Olio Logo

 Olio Stories
A story from grief to giving
When Jackie’s son, Daniel tragically passed away in January 2021 it was an incredibly difficult time for the whole family. A friend from church introduced Jackie to the Olio app, initially suggesting it for sharing food, but Jackie could never have predicted what a pivotal role it would play in helping her with the grieving process.

"I later discovered the non-food section on the app and I just felt that maybe it was the right time to let go of some of Daniel’s treasured belongings."

Read the full story

The easy way to do your bit 🌎
In July, the planet experienced its hottest week on record and with all the recent news of record-breaking heatwaves, wildfires and flash flooding across the world, it's understandable to feel overwhelmed by the climate crisis. But by taking small actions and working together, we have the power to make a huge difference.

Listen to our co-founder Tessa speak all about this on a recent episode of the High Performance podcast. And don't forget to give it a share; it's a fantastic way to tell others what Olio is all about and get them to join our planet-saving community.

ratio		 
Share on WhatsApp
Share on Twitter
Or, simply copy and paste this link to your friends: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1jsy9IyUfA 


As seen on Olio
Here’s how some of the wonderful Olio-ers in our community are making sure nothing is going to waste on their watch...

Olio icon
When Olio gives you oranges, make marmalade 🍊

Sarah, Scotland 

Olio icon
Sprouting potatoes grown from unwanted Olio collections 🌱

Andréa, Stevenage

Olio icon
Picked up some
lemons and preserved them 🍋

Peter, Bournemouth

Can you help us supercharge our waste-busting mission?

Get involved here

Back to School is back… 
Last year we launched our first Big Back to School Clearout with the target of sharing 30,000 kids' items in 30 days to help make going back to school more affordable for families and to give preloved stuff a second life. Thanks to all of you, we smashed this target with over 40,000 listings on the app!

If Olio has helped support your family, or a family close to your heart, through the back to school period, we’d love to hear how by filling in this two minute survey 🙏 

Fill out this survey

Olio's impact last month
Olio icon
282K
household items shared

Olio icon
5.5 million
portions of food saved

Olio icon
1.1 million
neighbour to neighbour pickups made

Olio icon
830 million
litres of water saved

Olio icon
5,831 tonnes
of CO2 emissions prevented

Olio icon
19.8 million
car miles off the road


Thanks for reading, have a wonderful month.

Olio co-founders
Tessa & Saasha
Olio co-founders
 
...

[Message clipped]  View entire message
