
Conversation opened. 1 read message.

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
51 of 1,497
Download your free ticket today | Bristol Careers Fair
Inbox

The UK Careers Fair candidate@ukcareersfair.com via mlsend.com 
Mon, 14 Aug, 18:00 (13 days ago)
to me

View in browser
		
Bristol Careers Fair
50+ companies hiring on the day!
Upcoming
Bristol Careers Fair
Thursday 24th August | 10am-2pm | Bristol Beacon


Bristol Careers Fair takes place on Thursday 24th August, at Bristol Beacon from 10am-2pm. 

Download a free ticket today.
You can meet local and national employers face-to-face, and apply directly for hundreds of vacancies. This event is open to anyone and everyone - there is always such a wide variety of employers exhibiting, meaning that there are opportunities for individuals of all ages and all levels of experience.


Discover new opportunities



Meet with local & national employers



Hundreds of jobs available


Download free ticket
Follow us on social media
facebook	twitter	instagram	linkedin	youtube	tiktok	website
Is there a dress code?	+
It is great to know that there is no set dress code for attending the event. This means that you are free to wear whatever you feel comfortable and appropriate for the occasion. While many attendees may choose to wear smart-casual attire, you are not required to do so.

Do I need a ticket to attend?	+
It is good to know that having a ticket is not essential for attending the event. This means that even if you do not have a ticket, you will still be able to gain access to the event!

What time does the event start & finish?	+
The event will start at 10am and conclude at 2pm. To make the most of your time at the event, we recommend arriving by 12:30pm. This will give you the opportunity to speak with all of the participating employers and explore the event before it concludes at 2pm.

View all FAQs
Latest News
Careers Advice
CV Advice
Interview Advice
Graduate Advice
The UK Careers Fair
Office 4, 3rd Floor, Greenwood House, London Road, Bracknell, RG12 2AA, Bracknell

United Kingdom

facebook	twitter	instagram	linkedin	youtube	tiktok	website
You received this email because you signed up on our website or made purchase from us.

Unsubscribe
